good morning
like to show you how I built this
our 154 internal straw bearing setup for
the narrow block 4g63 Mitsubishi this is
the bail hauling it's pretty
labor-intensive to build these to get
them just right it took a long time to
bring this one to market there were a
couple of things that had to happen the
original transmission for the 154 didn't
have a long enough thrall bearing collar
to go all the way up to the Mitsubishi
flywheel or pressure plate so I had to
build it into the belt so originally
this had a collar that came out about
three inches that the throg bearing
would have rode on and I had to cut that
off because I replaced it right in the
bellows you will see that this
transmission it's perfectly flush up
into that dog and he works out real well
the other thing I did is on the input
yep I I cut it down to the width of a
pilot bearing so exactly I think that's
a thousand different thicknesses and
instead of they had an arrangement in
here where you were supposed to just put
a nut on these studs and the bearing
would push just against those studs I
liked it better pushing against the
whole pad so I made these plates
different thicknesses and I put them
down in here so that you could select
your adjustments with a new disc on the
mitsubishi stock clutch
and then I use this homeand style throw
up
and all I did was bring out these ends
so that these are 1/8 pipe fittings so
that you could fit them to any fitting
that you fight and I built this spacer
that's bevel on the two sides to use the
stock toy autopilot during setup you
simply put the spacer into the
crankshaft in and then put your bearing
in there and I made this plate because I
was concerned about starter location and
I like to cover up the flywheel from
rocks and stones and all that sort of
thing the other thing I did as I had to
pour the center circle out of the
flywheel and I had to make it big enough
to accept the input shaft so the input
shaft fits could spin in there freely
I made that around 28 to 30 millimeters
can be any size in there it combined
this is the Toyota disc it's just a 9
inch disc I think this one came out of
an 85 Toyota truck with a 22-hour engine
and it fits perfectly inside that front
wheel drive setup then I just use the
Mitsubishi presently any kind of thing
like that I know some guys like custom
flywheel oh yeah so this is the whole
system as it goes
these guy things would be de penser
engine transmission so the guys are all
the end everything and it still spins
freely and this all motors also
assembled off so it's hard for me to
spin that's it they're put in your
master cylinder the way I've got it
adjust all it's already adjusted in
there freely everything it's all
centered up now where you go buddy buddy
buddy